Bot allows you to change prefix for your server , try p!setprefix
You can give your pokemon the name of your choice using p!nick
Stop tryna be good, its only a bot
Beware , Spamming wont help you level up your pokemon
If you catch a pokemon you get cash 
Want money? Try gambling
Unable to catch good pokemons? Just go to #〢・trading or #〢・market
Need quick credits? Try posting your Pokemon in #〢・auction-ads or #〢・market
Want some awesome pokemons? Just donate 
The more you catch, the more rewards you get from your Pokedex
Remember,  you cannot increase your pokemon iv , get a new one instead
No credits to buy candy? Just keep active in chat for free levels
If u caught all the 898 pokemons and completed dex... You will be rewarded with original magearna and a special role
Don't leave normal pokemons, they might be shiny sometimes...
You can also invite bot to your server and play with friends in own guild...
Trading game stuff with irl money or interbot trading is not accepted and can lead to bot ban
Do not use auto-catcher, auto-clicker or any scripting like that... It may lead to permanent ban
Join bot's official discord server to stay updated. use p!support
Vote for the bot daily to receive amazing rewards. p!daily
Take and give loans on ur own risk
Every pokemon is weak against a type, try p!weak <pokemon name> for more informations on that
Stuck on any command and dont know how to use it? get help p!help <command name>
As world is fast, so be fast to catch pokemons and use fast pokemons to win duels...
Make use of shortcuts provided in bot like p!i for p!info , for full list refer p!help
Just keep the 2 last digit of your bal 69... coz wynaut
Redeems once used wont be refunded , use your redeem(s) carefully
Gamble at your own risk... no one is responsible for the money you lost in gamble
Use in-game pokedex to know more about a pokemon..p!dex <pokemon name>
Donphans are cute, make sure to catch them all.
Don't beg anyone for credits or any Pokemon...earn them yourself
Caught some op pokemons ? Set moves by p!moves  and then duel by p!duel @username
Arrange your pokemon list using p!order
You can make a pokemon favourite by using p!fav <pokemon no.>
User filters to narrow down your pokemon search
Join bot's official server to participate in exclusive giveaways and events
Keep your eyes on spawns otherwise you may miss rares
Keep in mind that you can only catch the most RECENTLY spawned Pokemon , so dont let any poke despawn
Pokemon spawns are based on how many people are sending messages in the server , so dont spam
Use the "p!daily" command to get rewards every 12 hours
You can release your Pokémons for credits with p!release
Get a hint to the currently spawned pokemon using p!hint
View your profile using p!profile command
p!redirect (#channel) redirects all Pokemon spawns into specific channel passed
When a pokemon appears, the first to correctly p!catch <pokemon name>  it gets it
You can use p!c as a shortcut for catch
Pokemon’s level up requirements can be checked with p!pokedex <pokemon name>
The best way to spawn pokemon is a normal back and forth conversation between multiple people
Daily challenges like catch a particular poke and get some reward , not special but something decent
Need some more credits? Catching a specific pokemon 10th time would give u 500 Credits and for the 100th time, u will get 5000 Credits
Winning duels will give 10 credits to the winner. Those credits would not be subtracted from the lose
